Come on, you asked me out to think about what to do
Don't you like my brother?
I'll help you make you my sister-in-law again
Sisi
What makes you think I still want to be your sister-in-law?
What to pack
What you've done all this time
Don't you just want to get my brother's attention?
Go ahead.
What else do you want me to do?
I want you to give me Su San Shao
So what if you like him?
Su San Shao and I are a match for each other
How can I look like you, a poor and cheap man?
You are also worthy of Su San Shao
Since you say I'm inferior
Why are you helping me get back to your brother?
Why are you talking so much nonsense?
Do you do it or not?
You'd better play this boring game yourself
I'll take the coffee. You're welcome.
Where to go?
By the way, a woman like you who has no money to support her
I don't want to be your sister-in-law Sue at all
Third Young Master will not like you even more
Sister you die